For our final project, we are creating an original program. We plan on making our own version of the game Suika by adding power ups and extra modifications to the gameplay. 

The game is based upon different balls (that are designed to look like fruits) that appear at the top of the screen one by one. These fruits are then dropped into a cylindrical container, and the bigger a fruit is in size, the more points you receive. For example, in the original game, the watermelon is the biggest possible fruit and if you can create a watermelon (by combining many smaller fruits together), you get a high number of points. In the gameplay, the user gets to select where they would like to drop the fruit that appears at the top of the screen. In order to get the bigger fruits and therefore get more points, you have to merge two similar fruits together. By merging two fruits together, they turn into the next smallest fruit (the one worth the next lowest amount of points). For example, merging two of the smallest balls (cherries), will give you the second smallest ball (an apple). When you merge fruits or drop them, they all depend on the laws of physics; however, balls will roll, and if collided with a different ball, they will move. Additionally, adding mass or pressure to balls can also alter their positions and cause change to the structure. The catch is that if the stack of balls passes the threshold of the container, then you lose, so users have to organize and structure their towers carefully. 

The most distinctive features that will be included in our version of the game will be new types of balls different from the original ones, plus different power ups that the user can activate. For example, we are considering adding a ball that makes other balls disappear. Or, we also added a random ball with random proportions. 
